Downloaded from
YTS.MX
[dramatic electronic music]
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
[music fades out]
[mysterious music]
[high-pitched electronic sounds]
[mysterious electronic music]
[robotic voice]
♪ Illuminate your being ♪
♪ With the light of darkness ♪
♪ Light of darkness ♪
♪ Of darkness ♪
[fast-paced electronic music]
♪ Illuminate your being
With the light of darkness ♪
♪ Light of darkness ♪
♪ Of darkness ♪
[music becomes erratic]
[music fades out]
[ominous music]
Travelers. welcome to your awakening.
A journey awaits.
guiding you through realms and rituals.
Each one bringing you closer
to The Source.
At this sacred place.
I will challenge
the limits of your mind. body and soul.
Submit yourself to a higher power
and become one with the sound.
["Enter The Realm" playing]
[rhythmic electronic music]
[beat of drums]
♪ Join me ♪
♪ Enter the realm ♪
[music intensifies]
♪ Join me ♪
♪ Enter the realm ♪
[music intensifies]
[fast-paced rhythmic music]
♪ Join me ♪
♪ Enter the realm ♪
[fast-paced rhythmic music]
♪ Join me ♪
♪ Enter the realm ♪
[music slowly fades out]
♪ I can feel it ♪
[voice echoes]
♪ I can hear it ♪
♪ I can see it ♪
[voice echoes]
♪ I'm here ♪
♪ I can feel it
I can hear it ♪
♪ I can see it
I'm here ♪
♪ I can feel it
I can hear it ♪
♪ I can see it
I'm here ♪
[low electronic sound]
♪ Join me ♪
♪ Enter the realm ♪
[dramatic electronic music]
[rhythmic music]
♪ Join me ♪
♪ Enter the realm ♪
[music intensifies]
[energetic electronic music]
♪ Join me ♪
♪ Enter the realm ♪
[robotic voice] ♪ Enter the realm ♪
♪ Join me ♪
♪ Enter the realm ♪
[energetic electronic music]
[music fades out]
[extremely low robotic voice]
You must surrender. All resistance…
[erratic electronic music]
[dramatic music]
[ominous music]
["DLTBGY" playing]
♪ Hardstyle is a universal language ♪
♪ Spoken and understood by all ♪
♪ Don't let the bass get ya ♪
[fast-paced rhythmic music]
♪ Ecstasy ♪
♪ The time has come ♪
[lion's roar]
[energetic rhythmic music]
♪ Something for your mind
Your body and your soul ♪
♪ Something for your mind ♪
♪ Something for your mind
Your body and your soul ♪
♪ And your soul. and your soul
And your soul ♪
[music intensifies]
[Jack Nicholson] ♪ Here's Johnny! ♪
[energetic rhythmic music]
♪ Here's Johnny! ♪
[fast-paced rhythmic music]
[music in slow motion]
[mysterious music]
["A New World" playing]
♪ Blackness surrounds me ♪
♪ These tiny lights are all I see ♪
♪ You're light years ahead of me ♪
♪ Vibrations
I feel vibrations ♪
[choir singing in background]
♪ Time is slipping away
While I'm blasting through space ♪
♪ And open up the void
To find a new world ♪
[rhythmic electronic music]
♪ Hold on. believe
Endure the gravity ♪
♪ Hold on. 'cause I see
A new world ahead of me ♪
♪ Hold on. believe
Endure the gravity ♪
♪ Hold on. 'cause I see
A new world ahead of me ♪
[fast-paced rhythmic music]
[music fades out]
♪ The black hole surrounds me
Light flashes. it grounds me ♪
♪ I hear your voice inside my head ♪
♪ It resonates and makes me ♪
♪ Hold on. believe
Endure the gravity ♪
♪ Hold on. 'cause I see
A new world ahead of me ♪
♪ Hold on. believe
Endure the gravity ♪
♪ Hold on. 'cause I see
A new world ahead of me ♪
♪ Hold on. believe
Endure the gravity ♪
♪ Hold on. 'cause I see
A new world ahead of me ♪
[energetic electronic music]
♪ Hold on. believe
Endure the gravity ♪
♪ Hold on. 'cause I see
A new world ahead of me ♪
[music slowly fades out]
[ominous music]
[male voice] Stare into the depths
of your inner being…
and behold the maze of the mind.
This is your essence.
This is your code.
Layer after layer.
constructed by thoughts…
fantasies…
and fears.
Setting the stage for the conflict
between one's ego and soul.
["Transcendence" playing]
[calm piano music]
♪ Mirror. mirror
Hear my call ♪
♪ Take me in and please show me all ♪
♪ Will my reflection ♪
♪ Turn to dust? ♪
♪ I'm divided by my sins ♪
♪ And the struggles blur all my dreams ♪
♪ Release me ♪
♪ And I'll reign supreme ♪
♪ There's no place where we belong ♪
♪ In the end we all dissolve ♪
♪ If we pioneer we'll get out of here ♪
♪ In transcendence we move on ♪
♪ There's no place where we belong ♪
♪ In the end we all dissolve ♪
♪ If we pioneer we'll get out of here ♪
♪ In transcendence ♪
♪ We move on ♪
[dramatic electronic music]
♪ In transcendence we move on ♪
♪ In transcendence ♪
♪ We move on ♪
[fast-paced electronic music]
♪ In transcendence we move on ♪
♪ We move on ♪
[music fades out]
Disciples of Qlimax.
Your journey has led you
to the point of no return.
To continue.
you must join me
on this march through darkness.
[woman's voice and dark voice] Face
your shadows or be lost forever.
[mysterious music]
♪ This is where you find yourself ♪
[throat singing]
[didgeridoo music]
♪ Searching for your inner demons ♪
[rhythmic didgeridoo music]
[music speeds up]
[music slows down]
[mysterious music]
♪ You wander through the shades ♪
♪ Searching for your inner demons ♪
♪ Are you lost. or finally found? ♪
[dramatic electronic didgeridoo music]
♪ Enter the shadow world ♪
[mysterious music]
♪ Illuminate your being ♪
[voice echoing in slow motion]
♪ With the light of darkness ♪
[dramatic electronic music]
♪ Eternity awaits you ♪
[fast-paced electronic music]
[music fades out]
[mysterious music]
♪ Illuminate your being
With the light of darkness ♪
[electronic music]
[music intensifies]
♪ In the shadow world ♪
[fast-paced electronic music]
[music slows down]
♪ Searching for your inner demons ♪
[voice echoing] ♪ Demons ♪
♪ Demons ♪
[voice slowly fades away]
[slowing down into slow motion]
♪ You wander through the shades ♪
♪ Searching for your inner demons ♪
♪ Are you lost. or finally found? ♪
[mysterious music]
♪ The shadow world ♪
♪ Come on. dance this beat ♪
♪ Groove your body in ecstasy ♪
[music speeds up]
♪ Come on. dance this beat ♪
♪ Come on. dance this beat
Come on. dance this beat ♪
♪ Dance this beat
Dance this beat ♪
[music speeds up]
♪ Come on. dance this beat ♪
[fast-paced rhythmic electronic music]
♪ I can feel it in the air ♪
♪ I can feel it everywhere ♪
♪ I can feel it
Can you feel it? ♪
♪ I can feel it in the air ♪
[music speeds up]
♪ Can you feel it? ♪
[fast-paced rhythmic electronic music]
♪ I can feel it in the air ♪
♪ Work it. make it
Do it. makes us ♪
♪ Harder. better
Faster. stronger ♪
♪ Work it. work it. work it. work it ♪
[music speeds up]
♪ Work it harder. make it better ♪
[fast-paced erratic electronic music]
♪ Better. better. better. better ♪
[music speeds up]
♪ Yes. I am guilty. motherfuckers
I am death ♪
[fast-paced erratic electronic music]
♪ Nobody speak
Nobody get choked ♪
♪ Nobody get choked ♪
[music fades out]
[exhales]
[mysterious music]
[dramatic music]
[violin music]
[mysterious electronic music]
[music intensifies]
[fast-paced rhythmic electronic music]
[music fades out]
[mysterious intensifying electronic music]
[energetic electronic music]
[music intensifies]
[fast-paced electronic music]
[music fades out]
[mysterious piano music]
You have come this far.
The power of The Source
is within your grasp.
Connect it to your mind…
and let your energy become one.
[slowly intensifying electronic music]
[fast-paced electronic music]
[calm electronic music]
[music slows down]
[high-pitched sound]
[ominous electronic music]
[music intensifies and speeds up]
[music fades out]
[dramatic electronic music]
[high-pitched sound]
[heartbeat]
[man] Can you feel it?
You have found yourself through rebirth.
Now that your journey across the realms
of Qlimax has been fulfilled
I call upon you to conduct
the energy of The Source.
Together we shall illuminate the world.
[dramatic choral music]
["The Omega" playing]
[organ music]
[music fades out]
[echoing voices] ♪ Shh ♪
[electronic piano music]
[music intensifies]
[music slows down and fades out]
♪ Qlimax ♪
[electronic choral music]
[music intensifies]
[fast-paced electronic music]
[man yelling]
♪ Qlimax ♪
[fast-paced erratic electronic music]
[mysterious electronic piano music]
[music slows down]
[echoing voices] ♪ Shh ♪
[music fades out]
[uplifting electronic music]
[male voice] The Source has been rooted
into the core of this world.
We have completed this journey together…
restoring our sacred connection
to its prime.
United we vibrated on the same frequency.
Wherever we are…
we are one.
Our ritual is eternal.
for this is Qlimax.
[dramatic choral music]
[music fades out]
[mysterious electronic music]
[calm piano music]